SABLES coach Cyprian Mandenge has left his post after a string of poor results, but NewsDaySport has learnt that he was pushed out rather than making the leap himself as was announced by the Zimbabwe Rugby Union (ZRU) yesterday. BY KEVIN MAPASUREA statement from Zimbabwe Rugby suggested that Mandenge had resigned together with team manager Sebastian Garikai, but it was also learnt that the two did not leave on their own accord but were actually forced out.The Zimbabwe 15s national team was knocked out of the Africa Cup Group 1A following defeats to Kenya and Uganda at home in July. The Zimbabwe Rugby Union announces that it has accepted the resignation of the Sables technical team of head coach Cyprian Mandenge and team manager Sebastian Garikai effective immediately, read the statement. After the review of the team s performance in the Africa Cup Division 1A 2016, the Sables technical duo of Mandenge and Garikai tendered their resignations. The ZRU wishes them both well in their future engagements, ZRU are grateful for their commitment and the many hours spent working with the Sables. Their contracts took them away from their careers and family, sometimes for long periods of time and we acknowledge and thank them. The positions left vacant by the two will be advertised. In the meantime, all Sables business will be refered to the director of rugby (Brighton Chivandire). ZRU released another statement advertising for the job where they are seeking a coach with at least a World Rugby Level 2 coaching qualification, whom they will offer a four-year deal renewable after every 12 months. The post, however, is not salaried.The Sables went on a poor run of six straight defeats but while Mandenge declined to comment on his departure yesterday, it has been learnt that he felt aggrieved about leaving his post. There was a lot of pressure for him to quit coming from within ZRU and they were citing the poor results as the reason for him to leave, said one source. Had it not been for that, he wasn t going to quit as he felt the poor results came as a consequence of poor preparations all the way. When the team went to Hong Kong last year, they never had proper training prior to their departure and the same when they went to Namibia for the Africa Cup. He felt ZRU had not created a conducive environment for him to produce results. There was trouble in the Sables camp ahead of their match against Kenya in July when players initially declined to play pressing for better remuneration.Zimbabwe lost 80-6 against Namibia last year before their trip to Hong Kong, where they also recorded defeats against the hosts, Russia and Portugal. This year they lost 61-15 against Kenya before the 34-27 loss to Uganda, which sealed their fate in matches that were both played at the Police Grounds in Harare.