Mutare City Rovers . . . . . (1) 2 Triangle . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0Triangle coach, David Mandigora s (pictured) future at the club was thrown into further doubt, after the team lost their fourth Castle Lager Premier Soccer League match on the trot to Mutare City Rovers at Sakubva Stadium yesterday. BY KENNETH NYANGANIGoing into yesterday s match, the Lowveld based side had lost to Caps United, Hwange and FC Platinum and needed a win to ease pressure on the technical department.Nelson Maziwisa missed a second half penalty, which could have breathed life into Triangle.Agrippa Murimba converted a penalty for Mutare in the 27th minute before substitute, Wonder Sithole added another goal on 63 minutes. Rovers head coach, Taku Shariwa said the win came as a relief, with the team fighting to avoid relegation. We came into the match under pressure after Tsholotsho won yesterday (Saturday).We are now ahead of them, we played well and the players were passing well, that is what we need because we want to stay in the Premier League, he said.Mandigora conceded that he was now under pressure after his side s fourth consecutive defeat. We are not playing well, we have lost four games in a row and it s not good for a good club like Triangle. I am now under pressure because going four games without a win is a bad run, he said.The match started at a slow pace and the first real chance came in the 13th minute after the home-side s skipper, Chastern Ndongonda won acres of space inside the opposition box, but he shot wide with the visitors goalkeeper, Ronald Mudimu in a panic mode.The home side drew first blood in the 27th minute after the visitors defender, Donald Dzvinyai fouled Russell Madamombe inside the box and Harare referee, Josiah Masimire did not hesitate to point to the spot. Up stepped veteran striker, Murimba to score past Mudimu.Triangle started the second half with purpose and, in the 47th minute, Tichaona Mapungwana saw goalkeeper, Phillip Nhete make a brilliant save off his goal-bound shot.A minute later, the visitors won a penalty through Malvern Gaki, who was fouled by Kudakwashe Gurure.However, Maziwisa turned villain for the Sugar Sugar Boys, with Nhete guessing right to save the penalty.Triangle continued to pile pressure and in the 60th minute, Kudzai Chigwida s cross found no takers.Rovers made use of a brilliant counter attack in the 63rd minute after Sithole, who replaced Gurure in the 57th, minute scored with a volley from the edge of the opposition box. They are now on the 14th position with 20 points from 23 matches as they continue with their survival bid.