Prophetic Healing and Deliverance (PHD) Ministries leader, Walter Magaya yesterday accused Zimra of sabotaging his projects, as four of his trucks with building materials, are held up at Beitbridge Border Post despite all necessary levies having been paid. By Staff ReporterMagaya told thousands of his congregants and guests, who witnessed the official opening of his PHD Ministries guest house in Waterfalls, Harare, that he did not understand why the materials were being held up. I don t know why there are some people who just delay things upon being told that these are destined for PHD. This is pulling each other down, he said.The youthful preacher, who commands a huge following both locally and internationally, said although some in government did not understand his vision, he was apolitical and supported all government initiatives.Asked by journalists later about what he meant, Magaya said: There are people who have a tendency to just hate PHD. They make endless excuses. I don t know what they really want to achieve with such an attitude. At times you feel pained at being a Zimbabwean. The preacher officially opened the guest house, with a capacity to accommodate 2 000, people which will be used by PHD visitors attending prayer sessions.Magaya said after his arrest two weeks ago, he was now energised to fight harder, as he had realised he had many enemies and countable friends. My spirit was energised by the event that took place two weeks ago. They made a mistake. Now I am ready to show them this: I am here to change your life. I will do this in a very short space of time and because of that, I will achieve it, he said.Magaya was two weeks ago arrested on rape allegations and is out on $2 000 bail with stringent reporting conditions. The hotel project, he said, was completed within four months and cost millions of dollars .It created more than 2 500 jobs on the construction site and will create 250 permanent jobs for workers, who attend to visitors. From now, my focus is building houses for my partners, people who have stood by me through thick and thin, he told the crowd, which included Tourism deputy minister Anastacia Ndlovu and Indigenisation minister Patrick Zhuwao, among other senior government officials.