DYNAMOS coach Lloyd Mutasa has challenged his players to be the best team in the remaining nine matches of the Castle Lager Premier Soccer League campaign. By Sports ReporterSpeaking after the team s training session at Motor Action Sports Club yesterday, Mutasa admitted that only a modern day football miracle would see his side snatching the title from their rivals.The Harare giants are fifth on the log standings with 32 points, 11 behind log leaders FC Platinum going into the final stretch.Mutasa, while acknowledging their season had not panned out the way they had expected, said they wanted to appease their fans by becoming the best team in the remaining matches of the campaign.Dynamos play Chapungu at Rufaro Stadium on Sunday, in a match Mutasa thinks would kickstart their revised ambitions. The Dynamos gaffer also urged fans to come in their numbers to support the team. It s going to be a tough match for us. For us as Dynamos every match that we play is always tough, but I am sure we will be able to come out tops, said Mutasa. The boys really know that we have to win this one after losing two points away to Ngezi and it s a motivation in itself to play a stubborn Chapungu team at Rufaro. Going into the last 10 matches, we said to ourselves: look here, the destiny of the league is not in our hands anymore, but the only way we can please the Dynamos fans is to be the best team in those matches and that is what we want to do. I am confident we will collect maximum points with the arsenal we have at or disposal. We know we have been letting our fans down for quite a long but we are saying in the last nine matches they don t have to miss our games so we want them to come and celebrate on Sunday, he added.While Dynamos are going into the match on the back of a frustrating goalless draw away in Ngezi, Chapungu, who are in 11th place with 27 points, have their tails up after their win over Border Strikers.Meanwhile, the Premier Soccer League (PSL) has released the dates for the Chibuku Super Cup.The annual tournament, which involves all the 16 PSL clubs, will begin on the weekend of September 16-18 with first round matches.The quarter-finals will be played at the end of the month and the semi-finals have been pencilled for the weekend of October 21-23, leading to the final on November 5.Top eight teams based on the PSL log standings after 15 matches of this season will be seeded against the bottom eight by drawing of lots in the first round. The seeded teams, in their order as of Week 15, are FC Platinum, Highlanders, Caps United, Dynamos, ZPC Kariba, Triangle, Ngezi Platinum and defending champions Harare City.Winners of the competition will walk away with prize money of $75 000 and a ticket to represent the country in next year s Caf Confederations Cup tournament.