SPAR continues to support its communities and through their corporate social responsibility arm, Community Benefits, Letombo and Golden Stairs SPAR took time from their normal day to day business activities and spent time with Chisipite and Emerald Hill Children`s home respectively. NewsDay reporterKasipiti Children`s home which is run by Sister Veronica was opened on the 1st of July 2013 and currently has 16 children all under the ages of 9. SPAR Letombo staff spent time with children on Monday 29th of August. SPAR Letombo has identified Kasipiti Children`s Home as the orphanage that we will support that is within our community. Commented Blessing Mandivhei the General Manager for SPAR Letombo. Today we have played a lot of games with the children and it was a different experience for us as this has helped us appreciate what active participation does, not only to us as staff members but to the children. Our store will ensure that aside from assisting with paying school fees we will make this a permanent occurrence where will spend time with the children and their mothers. On the next visit we will take them on a short trip to our store so that they get to see our work environment and what retail is all about Emerald Hill Children`s Home which is run by Sister Gabriel has over 60 children from the ages of 5. SPAR Golden Stairs which has been supporting the home spent about 3 hours with the children for the first time on Tuesday the 30th of August. The staff had prepared burgers for the children to eat after they had played several sports from soccer, volleyball just to name a few. Today we enjoyed running around with the children and this has given us an appreciation of what our store can do in making a difference to these children. Stated Mr. Esphanos Maravanyika, the General Manager for Golden Stairs SPAR. It has been a while since I last played soccer but today I realized that I still have my soccer skills intact thanks to the children. SPAR Golden Stairs will continue supporting Emerald Hill with the little bit of funding that we can and our active involvement with the home will not stop here. We will be having a fund raising walk for the home as we have noticed that there is so much assistance that the home needs for the children.Spar believes in active participation in most of their corporate social responsibility initiatives and this has seen the Retail chain becoming fully involved in the different initiatives from the charities they are supporting. Their CSR t-shirts show the personal involvement of each staff member as they are saying I m making a difference in my community .