#THISFLAG movement leader Evan Mawarire has called on supporters, who will attend tomorrow s football match between Highlanders and Dynamos, to stage a peaceful protest against the government. BY HENRY MHARAIn a video he posted on social media, Mawarire urged those who will attend the blockbuster match to rise in unison on the 36th minute and sing the country s first national anthem, Ishe Komborera Africa Nkosi Sikelel Africa.He says it s a symbol that after 36 years of being silenced, the people are finally standing up and asking government to be accountable. Let s all go to Barbourfields Stadium on Sunday. On the 36th minute, lets all rise and sing the national anthem Ishe Komborera Africa Nkosi Sikelel iAfrica, to protest against the government. We want to show them that we are fed up, Mawarire said.He continued: They have banned demos, they are arresting us and beating us up when the country and the economy is falling to bits and pieces. So on Sunday, at Barbourfields, lets do this to show that we are Zimbabweans and we will continue to voice our concerns until they are addressed. We have to remind them (government) that you are destroying the nation and we wont allow that to continue happening. Highlanders and Dynamos fans, let s unite and show that we want to build this nation. We cant let this to continue happening. Mawarire made a similar call during a cricket test match at Queens Sports Club in Bulawayo between hosts Zimbabwe and New Zealand, where he asked supporters to stand and sing the national anthem, waving their flags, at the start of the 36th over. The protest was successful.Reports suggest Mawarire is currently in the United States, where he has been since he was released on bail after being arrested for leading a stay-away in July.The protest, in protest of government ills, paralysed business and social operations across the country.Since then, there have been several protests and demonstrations organised by different movements and activists across the country, mostly in Harare and Bulawayo.Under pressure, the government last week banned demonstrations in Harare under Statutory Instrument 101a, Public Order and Security (Temporary Prohibition of Public Demonstrations in the Central Business District of the Harare Central Police District) Order, 2016.However, the High Court, on Wednesday this week, suspended the ban for seven days following a legal challenge launched by Harare lawyer Tendai Biti and the Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights representing the opposition parties under the auspices of the National Electoral Reform Agenda.