COMEDIAN Ntando Van Moyo on Saturday feasted on President Robert Mugabe s long stay in power, proposing to brew a whisky named after the 92-year-old leader, as a dedication to men, who have stood the test of time. BY SINDISO DUBEThe event, dubbed A thousand Laughs and Thoughts, was meant to raise funds to better the lives of pre-term babies from a community-based organisation, Baby Heroes Africa Foundation.Moyo, a National Arts Merit Awards nominee, left many comedy enthusiasts in stitches with his jokes, as he shared the stage with poets and comedians, who were part of a star-studied line-up of performers at a charity show held at Bulawayo s Hope Centre. Our President has been around more than anyone in this room. He has stood the test of time. Like whisky he gets better with age, Moyo said. As a nation, we should manufacture our own Gabriel s Whisky, for the men, who have stood the test of time. It will have to take 92 years to mature. In power since Zimbabwe attained independence in 1980, Mugabe is now the world s oldest leader. Moyo also cracked jokes on the demonstrations and protests that have rocked the country recently and also about Highlanders and Dynamos rivalry. I do not drink Chibuku Batai Munhu [Super]. That beverage is for police dogs. After the dogs are made to consume Batai Munhu, they get high and are directed to attack Highlanders supporters using the phrase Batai Munhu . Let s hope there won t be any violence at tomorrow s (yesterday) game between Bosso (Highlanders) and DeMbare (Dynamos), he said .Some comedians, who performed at the event, include MaForty and Mandla, alongside poets Sane and Amy from Harare. In an interview, Moyo said: It is a good feeling to be part of such a charity event, when one uses God-given talent to save someone s life, as all the proceeds of the show will go towards the upkeep of the babies, the little ones that need to live. I salute all the artistes who came together in solidarity with the babies, and all the fans that came tonight (Saturday). We need more of such events in our communities since our art draws inspiration from the communities. 