WARRIORS star midfielder, Kuda Mahachi has been ruled out of the 2017 Group L African Cup of Nations (Afcon) football qualifier against Guinea on Sunday after suffering a fractured arm at yesterday s training session at the National Sports Stadium. BY TAWANDA TAFIRENYIKAThe winger cracked the radius and ulna bones on his right, an injury that has ruled him out of the team s trip to Conakry The ulna is one of two bones that give structure to the forearm.Team doctor, Nick Munyonga said while Mahachi s injury was serious, it was not something the nation should worry about, as the star would be out of action for only five weeks at most, making him available for the Afcon finals in Gabon next January.The lively Golden Arrows midfielder, who is one of the heroes of the 2017 Afcon qualifying campaign in which the Warriors remain unbeaten, is expected to fly out to his South African base tomorrow, where he will be operated on.Munyonga said although they could have treated him locally, they had been in touch with his club, which recommended he returns. Obviously, it s a serious injury that he sustained because he had a fracture of the radius and the ulna bones on the right hand. And it s an injury that needs to be operated on for him to recover early and very fast, he said.Warriors coach, Kalisto Pasuwa, who has already lost other regulars in Elisha Muroiwa and Marshall Mudehwe through injury, said the latest development in the camp was a blow, as he sought continuity ahead of the January tournament.Khama Billiat, Nyasha Mushekwi and Hardlife Zvirekwi will also miss the Guinea match due to different reasons. Obviously, this is a blow to us. He (Mahachi) has been one of the regular players in the matches we have played, Pasuwa said. He is one boy who has the energy of going up and down, a midfielder who can also cover for the defenders. Now that he is sidelined, but it s also a chance to try other players and see how they fare in this match. The Warriors have already qualified for the Gabon tournament, but they need to beat Guinea to end the campaign with an unbeaten record.The Warriors have won three games twice against Malawi and once against Swaziland and drawn at home to Guinea and away to Swaziland for an unassailable 11points.The team, which had been scheduled to leave for Guinea today, is now set to fly out tomorrow morning. Kick-off at the Stade du 28 Septembre is 7pm local time.