CHAPUNGU coach, John Nyikadzino has stoked the flames ahead of their trip to Harare for a Castle Lager Premier Soccer League (PSL) match against Dynamos at Rufaro tomorrow, suggesting the Glamour Boys have lost shape. BY TAWANDA TAFIRENYIKANyikadzino believes the Harare giants, who are the most successful team in the domestic league, have become ordinary and their performances on the pitch were no longer consistent with their status. Dynamos thrive on their huge support base, which is their twelfth man. They are not the Dynamos we used to know, he said. That said, it will not be an easy match, though, because its difficult to get maximum points from any team in the league now. But we are going to give it our best shot and try to come up with a positive result. We have no injury worries, everyone is raring to go. Chapungu can count on players like in-form Aleck Marime, who scored a brace in their victory over Border Strikers last week, as well as veteran striker, Philip Marufu.The evergreen Marufu summoned his experience, as he has so often done, to seal victory with the third goal for the Airmen to collect maximum points against the bottom side.Chapungu, sitting just above the relegation zone in 11th position on the league table with 27 points, have won two, drawn two and lost once in their last five matches and victory over Dynamos will lift them further up the table.But the Glamour Boys, who stuttered to a goalless draw against Ngezi Platinum FC in their previous match, have vowed to win all their remaining matches of the campaign in order to appease their fans, who have endured frustration of playing second fiddle after they were beaten to the championship by Chicken Inn last term.Dynamos coach, Lloyd Mutasa admitted this week that the destiny of the championship was not in their hands.He, however, said the only way they could placate their supporters was to try and win all their remaining matches, starting with Chapungu tomorrow.In the reverse fixture, Dynamos won 2-1, the same day the Glamour Boys lost eight of their supporters in a road accident while travelling to Gweru for the match.Mutasa urged fans to come in their numbers to support the team. It s going to be a tough match for us. As Dynamos, every match that we play is always tough, but I am sure we will be able to come out tops, he said. We know we have been letting our fans down for quite a long time, but we are saying in the last nine matches they don t have to miss our games so we want them to come and celebrate on Sunday, Mutasa said.