THE opposition People s Democratic Party (PDP) yesterday said preparations for its first anniversary rally slated for Bulawayo next Sunday were on schedule. BY SILAS NKALAPDP is calling for the release of activist, Linda Masarira from custodyThe party s Bulawayo provincial spokesperson, Edwin Ndlovu, said the rally will be held at White City Stadium.The party was formed in September 2015 after its leader, Tendai Biti, fell out of with MDC-T s Morgan Tsvangirai. It has been a painful journey for the past 12 months, where as Zimbabweans, we witnessed the total collapse of the economy. We celebrate our anniversary with bleeding hearts, as our compatriots are witnessing the worst ever economic meltdown and human rights abuse, Ndlovu said. As PDP, we call upon President (Robert) Mugabe to resign, as he has failed the nation. We call upon President Mugabe, as well, to make sure the Constitution of Zimbabwe is implemented fully. Devolution of power must be implemented as advocated for by the people of Zimbabwe. He said Mugabe and Zanu PF must stop promoting State violence. We are also saying no to bond also known as bond paper. The majority of our fellow citizens are surviving through importation of basic commodities from our neighbours and we, therefore, say no to import bans. Mugabe must stop the ban, Ndlovu said. Mugabe, in his capacity as President of Zimbabwe, must tell the nation where the $15 billion from Chiadzwa is. The provincial spokesperson said the Zanu PF government must pay civil servants on time, as there is no excuse for the delays. The country has enough resources, but misplaced priorities are contributing to the suffering of government workers and the nation at large. We finally tell Mugabe and the Zanu PF government to respect the right to peaceful demonstrations and, as a matter of urgency, release Linda Masarira and Promise Mkwananzi. We are saying enough is enough. Zanu PF government must fall, Ndlovu said.He urged the democratic forces to continue working together and present one presidential candidate to challenge Mugabe in the 2018 elections. Working together we will definitely do more and remove the Zanu PF tyranny, Ndlovu said.