THE Ministry of Rural Development, Promotion and Preservation of National Culture has endorsed the launch of the inaugural 10-day Indian Cultural Festival that will see Indian artistes sharing the stage with local counterparts. The festival, to be held under the theme Celebrate India in Zimbabwe, will showcase India s cultural diversity through music, theatre, dance, food and film. BY WINSTONE ANTONIOIndian multiple award-winning singer and composer, Sonam Kalra, who is also acclaimed for The Sufi Gospel Project, will also be part of the star-studded line-up of performers at the festival.Speaking on behalf of the Rural Development, Promotion and Preservation of National Culture and Heritage minister Abednico Ncube at the launch of the festival on Wednesday, Sport, Arts and Culture permanent secretary Thokozile Chitepo said the event would help cement ties between Zimbabwe and India. The relationship between Zimbabwe and India goes a long way and we do resonate with same Indian culture. Culturally, we have a lot of links, that is food and music, she said. There is a lot to look forward to at this festival, including business exchange and building capacity programmes. India s ambassador to Zimbabwe, Rungsung Masakui, said the festival was not just showcasing India s rich cultural heritage, but would be a collaborative effort between the organisers and host nation. The festival intends to put a patch on the vast cultural and artistic canvas of the city and become a regular feature in its calendar. It is our endeavour that the festival will add colour to the cultural landscape of the city of Harare through a rich repertoire of music, theatre, Indian cuisine, dance and yoga to the art city of Harare, he said. The festival intends to create a narrative of our shared heritage and accomplishments and all that bind our two countries together. Masakui said several interactive workshops organised in partnership with Zimbabwe College of Music, the Dance Trust of Zimbabwe, University of Zimbabwe and Reps Teens group had been planned with local troupes to facilitate the exchange of culture between the two countries.