Chapungu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (2) 2 Harare City . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (0) 1YOUTHFUL midfielder Cleopas Kapupurike and veteran striker Phillip Marufu netted for Chapungu as the airmen beat Harare City in a league match for the first time in six years. BY MUKUDZEI CHINGWEREKapupurike turned home a beautiful cross from Xolani Ncube 10 minutes into the match before Marufu doubled the advantage nine minutes later, taking advantage of some hesitant defending by the City defense.Rejuvenated young striker Jerry Chipangura gave Chapungu a scare with a goal for City on the hour mark but the soldiers held on for maximum points, their first ever league victory over the Harare side who were promoted into the top flight in 2011.With this win, Chapungu moved three rungs up to ninth on the log standings with 30 points, two behind City who are on sixth position.Chapungu head coach John Nyikadzino commended his charges for a brilliant performance in front of their home support at Ascot Stadium particularly in the first half. They, however, slowed down in the second half, allowing City to dictate the pace.Unlike last week when Dynamos capitalised when Chapungu put their pedals off the gas, they got it right this time around. It was a game of two halves we controlled very well the match in the first half and I am happy that we managed to make that count with early goals, said Nyikadzino. Against Dynamos we played well and to our strength but we were unfortunate to lose. I am happy the guys improved from that performance. The result is very important to our objectives this season. We are targeting a top eight finish and that will help our cause in a positive way, added Nyikadzino.Harare City coach Moses Chunga bemoaned the missed opportunities by his side. We played well especially in the second half we were just unlucky not to have equalised. We have young players who are doing very well and with time probably next year we will have a very strong team. I am happy with the boys performance, they did well, Chunga said.The host came into match weighed down on their back by the metaphorical monkeys of having never beaten Harare City in their league meetings, but those quickly disappeared when the Kapupurike connected home Ncube s cross.Moments later, Ronald Chitiyo should have levelled the scoreboard but was denied by the hosts timely defending. Marufu then doubled the advantage, capitalising on some poor defending from City.City were clearly the better side after the break and their renewed vigor were rewarded when Chipangura scored, and after the goal, Chunga s men pushed for a leveller which never came.